Update readme.md (#326)
Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js: readme.md

A client library for retrieving content from [Kontent by Kentico](https://kontent.ai/) written in TypeScript and published in following formats: `UMD`, `ES2015` and `CommonJs`. Works both in browser & node.

> ℹ If you a looking for the next SDK verison, checkout the [vnext branch](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js/tree/vnext). ℹ

Author: ```suggestion
ℹ If you are looking for the next SDK version, check out the [vnext branch](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js/tree/vnext). ℹ
```
